# Contributing to trakt-lite: A Midnight Showing

Welcome, fellow cinephiles and code conjurers, to the trakt-lite midnight
showing! This document illuminates the path for those who dare to contribute to
this repository of cinematic secrets. Follow these guidelines, and together
we'll weave a tapestry of code that captures the essence of film noir and the
brilliance of a neon-drenched cityscape.

## Bug Reports: Shadows in the Code

Encountered a bug, a glitch in the projector, a phantom flicker disrupting your
viewing pleasure? Report any issues by opening an issue on the GitHub
repository, providing a detailed account of the anomaly. The more information
you provide, the faster we can banish the shadows and restore the cinematic
experience.

## Feature Requests: Visions in the Smoke

Ah, the allure of new features, like a whispered promise in a smoky bar, hinting
at untold cinematic possibilities. Have an idea that could elevate trakt-lite to
new heights of media manipulation? Before you set your fingers to the keyboard,
open a GitHub discussion to share your vision, explore the potential, and ensure
your idea aligns with the grand narrative of trakt-lite.

## Pull Requests: The Premiere

Ready to unveil your creation, your code that will redefine the trakt-lite
experience? Before you submit your pull request, ensure it adheres to the
following rules of the game:

- **Bug Fixes:** These are always welcome, like a skilled detective patching up
  a bullet-riddled case file. Submit your fix, and we'll review it with the
  utmost scrutiny.
- **Features and Behavioral Changes:** For these grand endeavors, a prior GitHub
  conversation is mandatory. This ensures your contribution aligns with the
  project's vision and avoids any unnecessary clashes.

## i18n Contributions: The Polyglot's Dream

In this global village, the language of cinema transcends borders, and so should
our code. We're open and looking forward to your contributions to our
internationalization (i18n) efforts. Whether you're fluent in multiple languages
or just passionate about making trakt-lite accessible to a wider audience, your
help is invaluable.

### How to Contribute to i18n

1. **Identify Missing Translations:** Check the `client/i18n/messages` folder
   for languages that need translations or updates. Each language has its own
   JSON file.
2. **Add or Update Translations:** Add your translations to the appropriate JSON
   file. Ensure that your translations are accurate and culturally appropriate,
   like a subtitled film that captures the essence of the original dialogue.
3. **Submit a Pull Request:** Follow the guidelines for submitting a pull
   request. Include a note about the languages you've worked on and any specific
   nuances you've addressed.

Your contributions will help us create a truly global experience, where users
from all corners of the world can enjoy trakt-lite in their native language.

## Code of Conduct: Navigating the Night

To ensure our midnight showing remains a haven for collaboration, let's all
abide by the following code of conduct:
[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
